#  Virus-tracking
Given a server of local computers. Tracing the back where the virus was introduced in the system. Anyhow, the longest stretch of computers is recorded.

Suppose you are monitoring a collection of n networked computers, labeled C1;C2; : : : ; Cn, inorder to track the spread of an online virus. You are given a collection of trace data indicating thetimes at which pairs of computers communicated. The data is provided as a sequence of m orderedtriples (Ci;Cj; tk ). Such a triple indicates that Ci and Cj communicated at time tk . For simplicity,let us assume that each pair of computers communicates at most once during the interval underconsideration. Your goal is to devise an efficient data structure to answer infection queries; that is,queries of the following form:If the virus was inserted into computer Ca at time x, could it possibly have infectedcomputer Cb by time y?The mechanics of infection are simple: if an infected computer Ci communicates with anuninfected computer Cj at time tk (in other words, if one of the triples (Ci;Cj; tk ) or (Cj;Ci; tk )appears in the trace data), then computer Ci becomes infected as well, starting at time tk . Infectioncan thus spread from one machine to another across a sequence of communications, provided thatno step in this sequence involves a move backward in time. Thus, for example, if Ci is infected bytime tk , and the trace data contains triples (Ci;Cj; tk ) and (Cj;Cq; tr ), where tk  tr , then Cq willbecome infected via Cj


Example 1. Suppose that n = 4, the trace data consists of the triples(C1;C2; 4); (C2;C4; 8); (C3;C4; 8); (C1;C4; 12);and that the virus was inserted into computer C1 at time 2. Then C3 would be infected at time 8by a sequence of three steps: first C2 becomes infected at time 4, then C4 gets the virus from C2 attime 8, and then C3 gets the virus from C4 at time 8. Example 2. Suppose that n = 4, the trace data consists of(C2;C3; 8); (C1;C4; 12); (C1;C2; 14);and that the virus was inserted into computer C1 at time 2. Then C3 would not become infectedduring the period of observation: although C2 becomes infected at time 14, C3 only communicateswith C2 before C2 was infected. There is no sequence of communications moving forward in timeby which the virus could get from C1 to C3. Project objective. Write a program that takes a collection R of m triples, corresponding to thetrace data for n computers, and preprocesses R in O(n + m log m) time2 to build a data structure G


that, given the IDs for any two computers Ca and Cb and two times x; y, where x  y, returns oneof two things in O(m) time. If there is a sequence of communications such that a virus inserted into computer Ca at timex could have infected computer Cb by time y, then the program returns a list containing onesuch sequence. If no infection sequence exists, then the program returns null.
